Part I
1. make a directory called first
~
cd desktop
mkdir first

2. change directory to the first folder
cd first

3. create a file called person.txt
touch person.txt

4. change the name of person.txt to another.txt
mv person.txt another.txt

5. make a copy of the another.txt file and call it copy.txt
cp another.txt copy.txt

6. remove the copy.txt file
rm copy.txt

7. make a copy of the first folder and call it second
cd ..
cp -r first second

8. delete the second folder
rm -r second


Part II
1. What does the man command do? Type in man rm. How do you scroll and get out?
Man opens a manual page for the command the user is looking for.
User can scroll with the trackpad or the arrow keys.
Press "q" to get out.

2. Look at the man page for ls. What does the -l flag do? What does the -a flag do?
     -l      (The lowercase letter ``ell''.)  List in long format.  (See
             below.)  If the output is to a terminal, a total sum for all the
             file sizes is output on a line before the long listing.


 -a      Include directory entries whose names begin with a dot (.).

3. Type the following command to download and save the contents of google.com: curl https://www.google.com > google.html
curl https://www.google.com > google.html


4. Use less to look at the contents of google.html.
less google.html

5. Look at the man page for less. Read the section on /pattern. Search for the text hplogo in the google.html file.
/hplogo


6. How do you jump between words in the terminal?
option arrows

7. How do you get to the end of a line in terminal?
ctrl + e

8. How do you move your cursor to the beginning in terminal?
ctrl + a


9. How do you delete a word (without pressing backspace multiple times) in terminal?
ctrl + w

10. What is the difference between a terminal and shell?
Shell processes commands and returns an output.
Terminal runs a shell

11. What is an absolute path?
Absolute uses the root directory and contains all the folders that lead up to the folder.

12. What is an relative path?
Relative path selects a folder that is relative to the folder I am currently in.

13. What is a flag? Give three examples of flags you have used.
Flags modify the behavior of a shell command.
ls -l
rm -r
head -n


14. What do the r and f flags do with the rm command?
r is recursive
f does not need a prompt???

